Command Mode
============

Ctrl-d
 ~ Reveal a list of possible completions. To cycle use Tab and S-Tab.

Tabs
====

Convert all Tab to Spaces
    :set et
    :ret!

Convert all Spaces to Tab
    :set et!
    :ret!

Building
========
:make - This will run the regular old make in the command line for you.
:copen - Opens the quickfix window, to show the results of the compilation. Opens the window even if there are no errors in compilation.
:cw[indow] - Opens the quickfix window only if there is an error. If quickfix window is open and there are now errors, the window is closed.

:cn - Goto the next error in source code.
:cp - Goto the previous error in source code.
:cfirst - Goto the first error in source code.
:clast - Goto the last error in source code.

Navigating help
===============
Ctrl-]
 ~ Go to definition
g]
 ~ List of definitions
Ctrl-T
 ~ Go back

Folding
=======
,ft
 ~  Fold tag

vimrc management
================
`:so ~/.vimrc` - Repload config

Searching
=========
<leader><space> 
  ~ Turning off highlighted text by search.

Code completion
===============
Ctrl-x Ctrl-]
 ~ Tag based completion
Ctrl-x Ctrl-i
 ~ Included and source file completion
Ctrl-x Ctrl-o
 ~ Omni completion


Spellchecking
=============

]s [s
  ~ move between spelling errors
z=
  ~ displays spell propositions
1z=
  ~ corrects mistake with first proposition
zg
  ~ adds word to dictionary

Sessions
========
:mks
  ~ Makes session

Pandoc
======
, p
  ~ Preview markdown 

Zencoding
=========
Ctrl-y ,
  ~ Run zencoding

Git
===
]h
  ~ Next hunk
[h
  ~ Previous hunk
, hs
  ~ Stage hunk
, hr
  ~ Revert hunk
, hp
  ~ Preview hunk
